Prep for 2.17.1 release (#1582)
twilio/twilio-video.js: CHANGELOG.md

**Version 1.x will End of Life on September 8th, 2021.** Check [this guide](https://www.twilio.com/docs/video/migrating-1x-2x) to plan your migration to the latest 2.x version. Support for the 1.x version ended on December 4th, 2020.

2.17.1 (September 21, 2021)
===========================
Bug Fixes
---------

> - Fixed a bug which caused Chrome screen share tracks to receive lower resolution. (VIDEO-7000)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a regression in `2.17.0` which caused Chrome screen share tracks to be encoded at lower dimensions. (VIDEO-7000)
```
